{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30980\c30980\c30980;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh11960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Twitter Archive\
Tidiness\
Variables doggo, floofer pupper, and puppo should be a single column  - dogtionary\
\
Clean\
Dogtionary should be category\
Time stamp to date time\
All IDs - string / object\
Extract source from html\
Numerator extracting wrong number\
Denominator extracting wrong number\
755 non names\
Missing expanded URLS\
\
\
Image Prediction\
Tidiness\
There are three observations - p1, p2, p3 should be restructured into pass [1, 2, 3] then prediction, confidence OR select the highest confidence label\
\
Clean\
IDs should be objects\
Not all posts have images 2075/2356\
\
Tweet JSON\
Tidiness\
\
Flatten entities, extended_entities, user\
Drop empty columns - contributors, coordinates, geo, place???\
\
Clean\
IDs should be objects\
Extract source from html\
display_text_range - should be single character count\
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Completeness
\f0\b0 : do we have all of the records that we should? Do we have missing records or not? Are there specific rows, columns, or cells missing?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Validity
\f0\b0 : we have the records, but they're not valid, i.e., they don't conform to a defined schema. A schema is a defined set of rules for data. These rules can be real-world constraints (e.g. negative height is impossible) and table-specific constraints (e.g. unique key constraints in tables).\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Accuracy
\f0\b0 : inaccurate data is wrong data that is valid. It adheres to the defined schema, but it is still incorrect. Example: a patient's weight that is 5 lbs too heavy because the scale was faulty.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consistency
\f0\b0 : inconsistent data is both valid and accurate, but there are multiple 
\f2\i correct
\f0\i0  ways of referring to the same thing. Consistency, i.e., a standard format, in columns that represent the same data across tables and/or within tables is desired.}